The <span class="miscellaneous">[[Transport Ship|transport ship]]</span> on which <span class="people">[[Maria Traydor|Maria]]</span> escaped from <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Federation Station 17|Federation Station #17]]</span> as a child.
Unfortunately, the forces of the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Aldian Empire]]</span> that destroyed <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Federation Station 17|Federation Station #17]]</span> pursued and destroyed this ship as well.
The <span class="miscellaneous">[[Radish]]</span> acquired its name in an incident many years before the ship was cooked in the above-mentioned altercation with the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Aldian Empire]]</span>.
Tasked with bringing aid to a famine-struck planet in the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Lambda Sector|Lambda sector]]</span>, the crew packed the ship with food--primarily radishes, as radish soup is nutritious and easy to prepare.
Unfortunately, packing regulations were ignored in the rush to leave port, and soon after their departure, the substandard cargo containers began to break open.  The crew fought a week long holding mission against a sea of radishes spilling forth from the cargo bays.
In the chaos, stray radishes managed to find their way into hundreds of crevices, and even into the maintenance tunnels between the walls.  
Weeks after the mission was complete, radishes were still turning up throughout the ship.
Worst of all, as time passed they ripened, creating an unbearable stench.  Unable to ignore the pleas of his crew, the captain put into <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Remote Station 7|Remote Station #7]]</span> for maintenance.  To his dismay, the maintenance chief recommended a full refit.
Two weeks later when the refit was complete, the captain rechristened the ship "<span class="miscellaneous">[[Radish]]</span>" in an uncharacteristic display of humor, most likely developed during his long vacation on Hyda III.

#Ship