The young militaristic king who rules the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Kingdom of Airyglyph]]</span>.
The <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Kingdom of Airyglyph]]</span> was formerly poor, never possessing a powerful military in comparison to its three neighbors on the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Continent of Gaitt|continent of Gaitt]]</span>.  But thanks to the uncompromising merit-based system of the current king, <span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span>, the knight brigades, which used to be nothing more than clubs for the nobles to fraternize in, have been rebuilt into formidable military units.
The reformation spearheaded by <span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span> has led to the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Kingdom of Airyglyph]]</span> possessing enough force to overwhelm the other three kingdoms, all in a brief period of time.
For this naturally ambitious king, the invasion of the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Sacred Kingdom of Aquaria]]</span> is merely the first step in the path to the complete unification of the <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Continent of Gaitt|continent of Gaitt]]</span> through conquest, if you believe the rumors.

# Part 2

<span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span> was originally born to a relatively minor family within <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Kingdom of Airyglyph|Airyglyph]]</span>, and was as far away from the throne as twelfth in line.
However, as the result of many plots and multiple accidents, as well as a number of coincidences, he eventually attained the crown.
The biggest mistake of those who lifted <span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span> to the throne was that they underestimated his latent ambition and resourcefulness.
The first royal decrees issued by <span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span> after his ascension to the throne called for the banishment of those nobles who had promoted his rise, and the appointment of those who had been languishing in obscure posts.
Of course, those nobles who realized what was happening fought back with all their might, but <span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span> had already made meticulous preparations before the coronation, so it was already too late.
When he was still young, and before he considered becoming king, <span class="people">[[Airyglyph XIII]]</span> studied abroad in <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Aquios]]</span>, where it is said he fell in love with a certain woman.  When the possibility of attaining the crown arose, however, they say this led to the breakup of the relationship.