A young and beautiful <span class="races">[[Human|human]]</span> girl born on <span class="political-bodies-places">[[Earth]]</span> who is the leader of the anti-<span class="political-bodies-places">[[Pangalactic Federation|Federation]]</span> organization <span class="miscellaneous">[[Quark]]</span>--a group most active in the Klaus system.
She claims that she was modified with <span class="miscellaneous">[[Symbological Genetics|symbological genetics]]</span> into some sort of biological weapon by both Dr. Leingods, [[Robert Leingod|Robert]]</span> and [[Ryoko Leingod|Ryoko]]</span>.
Furthermore, she says that <span class="people">[[Fayt Leingod|Fayt]]</span> is also such a weapon.
It is true that both <span class="people">[[Fayt Leingod|Fayt]]</span> and <span class="people">[[Maria Traydor|Maria]]</span> possess latent powers that are clearly more than just <span class="miscellaneous">[[Symbology|symbology]]</span> or <span class="miscellaneous">[[Qigong|qigong]]</span>, but at this moment, there is no way to prove that these mysterious powers are the result of the scientists' experiments, as she claims.
Regardless, many people believe her earnest words, and although she is an <span class="races">[[Earthling]]</span>, her impeccable integrity led the anti-<span class="political-bodies-places">[[Pangalactic Federation|Federation]]</span> organization <span class="miscellaneous">[[Quark]]</span> to make her their leader.

# Part 2

In order to save the universe from the descending hand of judgment of the <span class="races">[[4D Being|4D beings]]</span>, <span class="people">[[Maria Traydor|Maria]]</span> was given the power of <span class="miscellaneous">[[Alteration]]</span> by the Leingods and their fellow researcher, <span class="people">[[Clive Esteed|Dr. Clive Esteed]]</span>.
<span class="people">[[Maria Traydor|Maria]]</span> knows the reason why, about the struggle of <span class="people">[[Robert Leingod|Dr. Leingod]]</span> and his team, and about her own mission as well, but all of this is little comfort for her.
The fact remains that <span class="people">[[Maria Traydor|Maria's]]</span> body was modified without her consent.