Many organisms have been referred to as "<span class="races">[[Dragon|dragons]]</span>" since days of old, but in general, this term is used to describe huge reptiles with collarbones or shoulder blades that have evolved into wings.
Most "<span class="races">[[Dragon|dragons]]</span>" are little more than gigantic lizards, but some boast a high level of intelligence, as well as the ability to use a unique type of magic known as "<span class="races">[[Dragon|dragon]]</span> lore magic".
These highly intelligent <span class="races">[[Dragon|dragons]]</span> are extremely fond of precious metals such as gold and <span class="miscellaneous">[[Silver|silver]]</span>, and enjoy resting on heaping piles of the same.
Note, however, that this does not reflect any particular greed on their part.  The <span class="races">[[Dragon|dragons]]</span> use the high heat conductivity of the metal to lower their body temperature.
Many <span class="races">[[Dragon|dragons]]</span> use a unique internal organ commonly referred to as the "breath sack" to generate methane and other combustible gases from materials such as the rotting corpses of other animals.
The combustive gas created in this fashion is concentrated within the mouth, and gradually accumulates in a hollow at the bottom of the nostril.  <span class="races">[[Dragon|Dragons]]</span> utilize their famous "fire breath" weapon by expelling this gas at high pressure, while rubbing their sharp teeth together to generate sparks and thereby ignite the gas.

#RaceCategory